[OKTA-729831] placeholders pt 3 (#4877)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-load/main/aspnet/integrationsteps.md

> **Note:** In the preceding MVC setup, the response's `SignInWidgetConfiguration` property is passed to the view as a model.

> The `StartWidgetSigninAsync` call returns a `WidgetSigninResponse` response object. The `SignInWidgetConfiguration` property of this response object contains information that needs to be passed to the Sign-In Widget to initialize the page. The following example shows the object structure in JSON format. Replace `{widgetVersion}` with the [latest version](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/releases/) of the widget (-=OKTA_REPLACE_WITH_WIDGET_VERSION=-).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StartWidgetSigninAsync` call returns a `WidgetSigninResponse` response object. The `SignInWidgetConfiguration` property of this response object contains information that you need to pass to the Sign-In Widget to initialize the page. The following example shows the object structure in JSON format. Replace `{widgetVersion}` with the [latest version](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/releases/) of the widget (-=OKTA_REPLACE_WITH_WIDGET_VERSION=-).
```
